there are a range of rollers available
and choosing the right one makes all the
difference to get in the best result
roller sleeves are available in
different sizes and two of the most
commonly used are the 100 millimeter
mini roller sleeve and a 230 millimeter
sleeve the sleeve must be the correct
length and diameter for the frame that
is being used in most cases the sleeves
are simply pushed onto the frame if
you're going to be painting a ceiling or
hard-to-reach areas it's well worth
investing in an extension pole it'll
make your job quicker and easier you can
choose roller sleeves with different
pile lengths short pass sleeves are
ideal for smooth surfaces medium par
sleeves for semi smooth surfaces and
long pile sleeves for rough surfaces
like pebble - before loading your roller
pour your paint into the tray reservoir
until it's about a third full dip the
roller into the paint and then roll it
up and down the rib part of the tray to
work the paint into the sleeve if
necessary dip the roller into the paint
again until the sleeve is loaded but
don't be tempted to overload the sleeve
as this will cause excessive splatter
when the paint is applied you can use a
variety of roller sleeves for painting
and internal wall we're going to be
using this short pile woven sleeve it
holds a decent amount of paint which
means less time reloading you could also
use a microfiber or a natural sheepskin
sleeve when painting it doesn't really
matter which direction you go in
providing you apply a light even
pressure to the roller and go over each
area several times to get good coverage
before moving on don't try to work too
fast or you will create a fine mist of
paint that will get everywhere each time
you reload the roller restart painting
alongside the area you have just painted
and work your way back to the painted
area using overlapping strokes to blend
the paint if you need to paint behind a
radiator a long armed mini roller fitted
with a short medium part woven roller
sleeve is ideal
we're going to use a medium power woven
sleeve to paint this ceiling but a
knitted sleeve or microfiber or natural
sheepskin sleeve would also be suitable
it's easier to roll in the direction of
the room length and work across the
width of the room this helps you to
remember where you've painted for more
ideas and know how is it DIY don't hop
you